DOCS-7906 Code Analysis Documentation Updates (#23491)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/_index.md

Software Composition Analysis (SCA) scans open source libraries imported into repositories through package managers such as `npm` for [known vulnerabilities][1]. SCA enables engineering teams to identify vulnerable libraries early on in the development life cycle so they can update them to non-vulnerable versions or remove them entirely to ensure their production codebase is secure.

> You can run SCA in CI pipelines by using [Code Analysis][3] and provide runtime monitoring capabilities by using [Datadog Application Security][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run SCA scans on your repositories directly through Datadog or in your CI pipelines by using [Code Analysis][3] and get runtime monitoring capabilities by using [Datadog Application Security][1].
```
